[IMP] pos/terminals: update adyen page (#18138)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/adyen.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/api-credentials#generate-api-key>`_
```

I just removed the full stop at the end, since we don't usually have that in 'See Also' notes

Adyen
=====

Connecting an Adyen payment terminal to **Odoo Point of Sale** allows you to offer customers a
smooth payment experience while simplifying the work of cashiers.

.. important::
   - Adyen payment terminals do not require an :doc:`IoT Box </applications/general/iot>`.
   - Adyen terminals can be used in many countries, but not worldwide. Check the `List of countries

>      supported by Adyen <https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/what-we-support/supported-languages/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adyen terminals can be used in many countries, but not worldwide. Check the `list of countries
supported by Adyen <https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/what-we-support/supported-languages/#supported-countries>`_.
```

_#iknowyoudidn'tupdatethis_

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Online payments with Adyen </applications/finance/payment_providers/adyen>`
   - `List of payment methods supported by Adyen <https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/what-we-support/payment-methods/>`_
   - `List of Adyen terminals <https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/what-we-support/select-your-terminals/>`_

.. _adyen/configuration:

Adyen configuration
===================

Start by creating an `Adyen account <https://docs.adyen.com/get-started-with-adyen>`_ and ordering
a terminal through the `Adyen Customer Area

> <https://authn-live.adyen.com/authn/ui/login?request=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%3D>`_.

Reviewer: As previously:

```suggestion
Start by creating an `Adyen account <https://docs.adyen.com/get-started-with-adyen>`_ and ordering
a terminal through the `Adyen Customer Area
<https://ca-live.adyen.com/>`_.
```

Once you receive the terminal, set up the physical device by following the instructions displayed on
the terminal screen.

To connect the Adyen terminal to Odoo, you need to:

- :ref:`adyen/api`.
- :ref:`adyen/identifier`.
- :ref:`adyen/merchant-account`.
- :ref:`adyen/event-urls`.

.. tip::
   Log in to your **Test account** to try the integration without charging customers.
   Switch to your **Live account** once you are ready to accept payments.

.. seealso::
   - `Adyen Docs - Payment terminal quickstart guides <https://docs.adyen.com/point-of-sale/user-manuals>`_
   - `Odoo Point of Sale: Adyen tutorial <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5h3rcVjlpw>`_

.. _adyen/api:

Generate an Adyen API key
-------------------------

The Adyen API key is used to authenticate requests from the Adyen terminal. To generate an API key:

#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area

>    <https://authn-live.adyen.com/authn/ui/login?request=eyJBdXRoblJlcXVlc3QiOnsiYWN0aXZpdHlHcm91cCI6IkJPX0NBIiwiY3JlZHNSZWFzb24iOlsiTG9nZ2luZyBpbiB0byBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbiBjYSJdLCJmb3JjZU5ld1Nlc3Npb24iOiJmYWxzZSIsImZvcmdvdFBhc3N3b3JkVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6XC9cL2NhLWxpdmUuYWR5ZW4uY29tXC9jYVwvbG9iYnlcL3Bhc3N3b3JkLXJlc2V0XC9mb3Jnb3QtcGFzc3dvcmQiLCJyZXF1ZXN0VGltZSI6IjIwMjYtMDUtMjJUMTM6MTQ6MzgrMDI6MDAiLCJyZXF1ZXN0ZWRDcmVkZW50aWFscyI6W3siUmVxdWVzdGVkQ3JlZGVudGlhbCI6eyJhY2NlcHRlZEFjdGl2aXR5IjpbeyJBY2NlcHRlZEFjdGl2aXR5Ijp7ImFjdGl2aXR5R3JvdXAiOiJCT19DQSIsImFjdGl2aXR5VHlwZSI6IklNUExJQ0lUIiwibWlsbGlzZWNvbmRzQWdvIjo5MDAwMDB9fV0sInR5cGUiOiJQQVNTV09SRCJ9fSx7IlJlcXVlc3RlZENyZWRlbnRpYWwiOnsiYWNjZXB0ZWRBY3Rpdml0eSI6W3siQWNjZXB0ZWRBY3Rpdml0eSI6eyJhY3Rpdml0eUdyb3VwIjoiQk9fQ0EiLCJhY3Rpdml0eVR5cGUiOiJHUkFDRV9DT09LSUUiLCJtaWxsaXNlY29uZHNBZ28iOjB9fV0sInR5cGUiOiJUV09fRkFDVE9SIn19XSwicmVxdWVzdGluZ0FwcCI6ImNhIiwicmV0dXJuVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6XC9cL2NhLWxpdmUuYWR5ZW4uY29tXC9jYVwvY2FcLyIsInNpZ25hdHVyZSI6IlYwMDRTeEtQRlMyNzZMWDV5N01aSGx3SHhHMFRSZHc2aG9GUHZvUHhjOXpSSktQTT0ifX0%3D>`_.

Reviewer: As previously:

```suggestion
#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area
   <https://ca-live.adyen.com/>`_.
```

Locate the Adyen terminal identifier
------------------------------------

> The Adyen terminal identifier, also known as **POIID**, is the terminal's unique string used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Adyen terminal identifier, also known as the **POIID**, is the terminal's unique string used to
```

Ayden docs seem to refer to it as 'the POIID' .

identify the physical payment terminal.

To locate this identifier:

#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area

>    <https://authn-live.adyen.com/authn/ui/login?request=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%3D>`_.

Reviewer: As previously:

```suggestion
#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area
   <https://ca-live.adyen.com/>`_.
```

#. Navigate to :menuselection:`In-person payments --> Payment devices` to view a list of all your
   devices.

   .. tip::

>       Active devices are marked with a :icon:`os-green-dot` green dot.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
   .. tip::
      Active devices are marked with a :icon:`os-green-dot` :guilabel:`(green dot) icon.
```

> #. Select the terminal you want to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the terminal to connect.
```

   .. tip::
      If you have multiple devices, identify your terminal using the serial number printed on
      the back of the device.

#. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page, click the terminal identifier's label to copy it to the

>    clipboard and save the value for the :ref:`adyen/method-creation` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page, click the terminal identifier to copy it to the
   clipboard and save the value for the :ref:`adyen/method-creation` step.
```

(To align with later when you say 'click the merchant name', and 'cause I don't think you need 'label'.)

   .. image:: adyen/copy-terminal-identifier.png
      :alt: Clicking the identifier's name to copy it to clipboard.

> .. admonition:: :icon:`fa-info` Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. admonition:: Info
```

I'm not really familiar with this, but having the 'i' icon feels a bit redundant ... do we usually add it?

   The terminal identifier combines the device model and serial number, e.g.,
   `S1F2L-000158215112256`.

.. _adyen/merchant-account:

> Locate the Merchant account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locate the merchant account name
```

Does 'Merchant' need to be upper case here? I think it's a generic term, right? (Ayden seem to use lower case when they're talking about it in general, e.g.,  https://docs.adyen.com/account/account-structure#merchant-accounts)

Also, maybe 'Locate the merchant account name' is better?

---------------------------

> To locate the merchant account's name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To locate the merchant account name:
```

(In the Ayden docs, they never seem to say 'merchant account's name'.)

> #. Navigate to the :ref:`terminal's settings <adyen/identifier>`.

Reviewer: Is this still within the Ayden Customer Area? 
If yes, start with that. 

But where are these settings? I don't think this is the right link ... (or if it is, it's not clear to me where I'm going)

Actually, after a little Googling, could this be correct?:

```suggestion
#. Navigate to :menuselection:`In-person payments --> Terminal settings`.
```

Author: I wanted to avoid repeating the exact same step as the previous section. You can actually go to the Customer Area. Then In-person payments --> Payment devices. There, you click the terminal you use, then open this view, which is the main page of that terminal's settings. 

<img width="914" height="528" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eaf41dbe-0e8a-444a-a267-ac4a024d758a" />

BTW, I found this article. Maybe it can help to understand the Customer Area as it contains screenshots: https://www.odoo.com/odoo/knowledge/33714

Reviewer: Ah ok, now I understand the linking back up to that section. Let's discuss.

#. Click the :guilabel:`Merchant` name.
#. Click the merchant account name to copy it to the clipboard and save the value for the
   :ref:`adyen/method-creation` step.

   .. image:: adyen/adyen-merchant-account.png

>       :alt: Clicking the merchant account's name to copy it to clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. image:: adyen/adyen-merchant-account.png
      :alt: Clicking the merchant account name to copy it to clipboard.
```

But actually, I was only commenting here to ask if there's any way to align this and the previous screenshot a bit more, e.g. so the 'Click to copy to clipboard' (and other text) is more similar in size, and maybe also just have the second screenshot wider to match the size of the other?

Author: Is this a case of nitpicking? 😆 😉 I can adapt if you think it is worth it. But it means I need to ask for the credentials again

Reviewer: Total nitpicking ... _especially_ given how hard it is to access. So absolutely, forget this suggestion!

.. _adyen/event-urls:

> Set the Event URLs

Reviewer: I know the field is called 'Event URL' with an upper case 'E' for event, but I'm wondering if we can just use lower case since I think it's just a generic term when talking about integrations like this.

URLs`. To do so,

#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area
   <https://authn-live.adyen.com/authn/ui/login?request=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%3D>`_.

> #. Navigate to the :ref:`terminal's settings <adyen/identifier>`.

Reviewer: As previously:

```suggestion
#. Go to your `Adyen Customer Area
   <https://ca-live.adyen.com/>`_.
#. Navigate to :menuselection:`In-person payments --> Terminal settings`.
```

Author: See my previous comment

#. Select :guilabel:`Integrations` from the left menu.

   .. important::
      Ensure you are configuring the :guilabel:`Terminal level terminal settings`, *not* the
      :guilabel:`Merchant level terminal settings`.

      .. image:: adyen/adyen-settings-level.png
         :alt: Terminal level terminal settings.

#. Set the :guilabel:`Switch to decrypted mode to edit this setting` field to :guilabel:`Decrypted`.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Add new` or edit an existing one. To do so, click the :icon:`fa-pencil`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`Add new` or edit an existing URL by clicking the :icon:`fa-pencil`
```

I'm imagining you wrote the correct gui label, but 'Undo changes' seems a bit odd, right 🙃

Author: Hahah thought the same. I think the UI label is misleading 😆

   (:guilabel:`Undo changes`) pencil icon.
#. On the :guilabel:`Add URL` or :guilabel:`Edit URL` pop-up window, paste the :guilabel:`Event URL`
   from Odoo's :ref:`payment method form <adyen/method-creation>`.

>    .. admonition:: :icon:`fa-info` Info

Reviewer: As previously

      The :guilabel:`Event URL` is composed of the server address, followed by
      `/pos_adyen/notification`.

#. If needed, enter a :guilabel:`Username (optional)` and :guilabel:`Password (optional)`, define if

>    it is a :guilabel:`Public` or :guilabel:`Local` URL, and toggle :guilabel:`Enable encryption`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the URL is :guilabel:`Public` or :guilabel:`Local`, and toggle :guilabel:`Enable encryption`
```

   on/off.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Add URL` (or :guilabel:`Edit URL` when editing an existing one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click :guilabel:`Add URL`, or, when editing an existing URL, :guilabel:`Edit URL`.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`Save` at the bottom of the page.
#. Switch to :guilabel:`Encrypted` mode.

.. _adyen/method-creation:

Odoo configuration
==================

> To configure Adyen for Odoo, you need to :ref:`enable Adyen and create the payment method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Adyen for Odoo, you first need to :ref:`enable Adyen and create the payment method
```

<pos/terminals/configuration>`. Then, configure the Adyen-specific settings on the payment method
form:

#. Paste the following values into their corresponding fields:

   - The :ref:`generated API key <adyen/api>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen API key` field.
   - The :ref:`located terminal identifier <adyen/identifier>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen Terminal
     Identifier` field.

>    - The :ref:`merchant account's name <adyen/merchant-account>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen Merchant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The :ref:`merchant account name <adyen/merchant-account>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen Merchant
```

     Account` field.

#. :icon:`fa-clipboard` Copy the :guilabel:`Event URL` to the clipboard and paste it into your

>    :ref:`Adyen account <adyen/event-urls>`.

Reviewer: Having the icon at the start of the sentence feels a little odd. Maybe:

```suggestion
#. Copy the :guilabel:`Event URL` to the clipboard by clicking the :icon:`fa-clipboard` :guilabel:`(copy) icon, then paste it into your
   :ref:`Adyen account <adyen/event-urls>`.
```

#. Enable :guilabel:`Adyen Test Mode` if you are still testing the integration.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../payment_methods`

.. _adyen/tips:

Handling tips with Adyen
------------------------

To allow tipping through an Adyen terminal, enable :ref:`Tips <pos/restaurant/tips>`,
:guilabel:`Add tip through payment terminal (Adyen)`, and :ref:`Add tip after payment
<pos/restaurant/tips/add-tips-after-payment>`, if needed.

To process tips using an Adyen terminal, follow these steps:

#. :ref:`Open the POS register <pos/use/open-register>`.
#. :ref:`Place an order <pos/use/sell>`.
#. Click :ref:`Payment <pos/restaurant/bills/payment>`.
#. Select the :ref:`Adyen payment method <adyen/method-creation>`.

> #. The :guilabel:`Adyen` terminal displays the transaction and prompts customers to add tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The Adyen terminal displays the transaction and prompts the customer to add a tip.
```

#. Add a tip amount on the terminal and proceed to payment.

.. tip::
   It is also possible to add :ref:`tips <pos/restaurant/tips/add-tips>` from the :ref:`POS register
   <pos/use/open-register>` before initiating the terminal payment. To do so, disable the

>    :guilabel:`Add tip through payment terminal (Adyen)` option.

Reviewer: I'm finding how we cover tipping (here and on the Restaurant features page) a bit confusing right now. Also, we're only covered one Ayden-enabled tipping option here for the moment, no? There's also for US 'Tip after payment', which is also possible with an Ayden terminal, right? 

I wonder if it would be better to scale back what we say on this page, and really centralise that info in the Restaurant features > Tips section.

So that would mean:

In 'point_of_sale/restaurant.html#pos-restaurant-tips' (ask me for the doc I prepared so you can see my suggestion):

- In the Configuration part, more clearly explain the two optional features visible in the POS settings (rather than just having them in an 'Important' note)
- Structure the sections as follows:
  - Add a tip during payment
    - Via the POS register
    - Via an Ayden payment terminal (includes the info we have here)
  - Add a tip after payment (US only)

And then here, we'd just have something like:

In addition to the possibility of handling tips through the POS register [link to relevant section of Tips] during the payment process, with an Ayden terminal it is also possible to ...[links to the two other ways]

Author: The reference to both Adyen tip options is in line 190 above.
But yes, I am not really happy about the tip doc in general :D 
Please send me your suggestions so that I can adapt the Restaurant page.

      `/pos_adyen/notification`.

#. If needed, enter a :guilabel:`Username (optional)` and :guilabel:`Password (optional)`, define if
   the URL is :guilabel:`Public` or :guilabel:`Local`, and toggle :guilabel:`Enable encryption`
   on/off.
#. Click :guilabel:`Add URL`, or when editing an existing URL, :guilabel:`Edit URL`.
#. Click :guilabel:`Save` at the bottom of the page.
#. Switch to :guilabel:`Encrypted` mode.

.. _adyen/method-creation:

Odoo configuration
==================

To configure Adyen for Odoo, you first need to :ref:`enable Adyen and create the payment method
<pos/terminals/configuration>`. Then, configure the Adyen-specific settings on the payment method
form:

#. Paste the following values into their corresponding fields:

   - The :ref:`generated API key <adyen/api>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen API key` field.
   - The :ref:`located terminal identifier <adyen/identifier>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen Terminal
     Identifier` field.
   - The :ref:`merchant account name <adyen/merchant-account>` into the :guilabel:`Adyen Merchant
     Account` field.

#. Copy the :guilabel:`Event URL` to the clipboard by clicking the :icon:`fa-clipboard`

>    :guilabel:`(copy) icon, then paste it into your :ref:`Adyen account <adyen/event-urls>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`(copy)` icon, then paste it into your :ref:`Adyen account <adyen/event-urls>`.
```

#. Enable :guilabel:`Adyen Test Mode` if you are still testing the integration.

.. tip::
   It is also possible to let customers add a :ref:`tip <pos/restaurant/tips>` directly on the Adyen
   card terminal, as well as :ref:`after payment in a restaurant point of sale

>    <pos/restaurant/tips-after-payment>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is possible to let customers add a :ref:`tip <pos/restaurant/tips>` directly on the Adyen
   card terminal, as well as :ref:`after payment in a restaurant point of sale
   <pos/restaurant/tips-after-payment>`.
```
